
This repo is heavily built using Mazama AirSensor package, which is now out and
maintained. If you want to use the functionality in this repo it's recommended to
follow that repository on github to stay abreast of maintenance developments.

Files most possibly of use:

Sections:
Ingestion:
This section is likely the most useful for your purposes. Basically what it does,
is it automates the ingestion of data from the purple air API (using Mazama api),
from the metadata contained in the sensor catalog.

My recommendation of course is to phase the sensor catalog out of use as soon as
possible and use a database to store all sensor data. This code then would be
most useful in facilitating the creation of that database from our current
"database", the sensor catalog. All data persistence in this section is in the form
of .RDS files in the created in data/ (most particularly the pat_list.RDS).

Most useful for this section.
- ./R/fetch_pat.R
- ./R/fetch_pat_list.R
- scripts/ingest_all.R works, it will need to edited to store data, because it's was used as a piece of a pipeline. Not good data persistence.


QAQC:
- Data persistent QAQC pipeline built on Mazama AirSensor QAQC functionality
which has been improved significantly over the past year. Involves significant
scientific determinations you'll want to make on your own.
Honestly I don't see much value for you in these scripts and functions. If you want
to outsource QAQC review the work Mazama has done in the past year.

Calibration:
- This was the piece we never fully worked out. When this was last developed our
collocation program was quite new. That said, the general structure of the system is decent
so could be used as a backbone for future calibration code for a calibration pipeline.

Visualization:
rOpenAQ was used to create the Windrose plots and calendar plots. This library
is failing and doesn't appear to be maintained. The


Outputs of this part:
- Visualization Powerpoint
  - Sensor metadata table
  - Calendar plots for each sensor
  - Weekday v. Weekend Avg Hourly Concentrations
  - AQI proportions by weekday
  - Monthly values w/ AQI
  - If NOAA data available Windrose Plots

- Curated Excelworkbook


Sensor Health Report:
The purpose of this report is to show what sensors from the catalog are actively
updating online, which are not, and when the last time these sensors reported was.
Additionally it uses Mazama AirSensor State of Health analytics to review sensor
functioning.

My recommendation would be to speak with Purple Air about adding to their API
SD card reporting status (though I understand this isn't a huge concern).
You can then either using their API grouping functionality, or using the catalog,
create a scraper/app to monitor status, update in database and provide active notifications.




